gh-128810: Added .shorthand property to IPv4Network and IPv6Network in the ipaddress module (#128811)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-01-14-05-46-29.gh-issue-128810.cj6Vhq.rst

> Added a .shorthand function to IPv4Network and IPv6Network's in the ipaddress module to be able to display a prefix such as 1.2.0.0/16 as it's shorthand version (often used by network operators) as 1.2/16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the :attr:`!shorthand` property to :class:`~ipaddress.IPv4Network` and :class:`~ipaddress.IPv6Network` in the :mod:`ipaddress` module to display a prefix such as ``1.2.0.0/16`` as its shorthand version (often used by network operators), like ``1.2/16``.
```

Edit

More tags, see https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/
